Introduce message class resolver (#310)
yiisoft/yii-queue: docs/guide/en/configuration-with-config.md

- **Queue names** — configure queue/back-end per logical queue name via [`yiisoft/queue.queues` config](queue-names.md) when you need to parallelize message handling or send some of them to a different application.
- **Named handlers or callable definitions** — map a short message type to a callable in [`yiisoft/queue.handlers` config](message-handler-advanced.md) when another application is the message producer and you cannot use FQCN as message type.

> - **Message class map** — map message types to specific message classes so that `unserialize()` reconstructs the

Reviewer: Need to use the full interface name, or else `unserialize()` will be confused with the native PHP function.

Author: done

>   original typed object instead of falling back to `GenericMessage`. Configure via `yiisoft/queue.message-class-map`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  original typed object instead of falling back to `GenericMessage`. Configure via `yiisoft/queue.messages`:
```

Author: done

  ```php
  return [
      'yiisoft/queue' => [

>           'message-class-map' => [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          'messages' => [
```

Author: done
